[Streams][SignificantEvents] Add AGENTS.md to support SignificantEvents functionality (#275271)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/streams/AGENTS.md

| New public/versioned HTTP route | `streams` plugin | `server/routes/sig_events/<path>/route.ts` |
| New server-side client or service | `streams` plugin | `server/lib/sig_events/<entity>/` |
| Knowledge Indicator read/write logic | `streams` plugin | `server/lib/streams/ki/knowledge_indicator_client/` |
| Any UI component, hook, or service | `streams_app` plugin | Follow existing structure |
| Evaluations | `kbn-evals-suite-significant-events` | See package README |

**Never:**
- Add domain types directly to `streams` or `streams_app` — they belong in `kbn-streams-schema`.
- Add LLM/inference logic to `streams` — it belongs in `kbn-streams-ai`.
- Add UI components to `streams` — all UI lives in `streams_app`.
- Place new routes under the public path without a deliberate API contract — use `internal/` first.

## Naming conventions

Never abbreviate "significant" in identifiers, file names, or folder names:

| ✅ Correct | ❌ Avoid |
|---|---|
| `significantEvent` | `sigEvent` |
| `SignificantEvent` | `SigEvent` |
| `significant_event_*` | `sig_event_*` |
| `SIGNIFICANT_EVENT_*` | `SIG_EVENT_*` |

## Keeping this file current

> Update this file when you make a change that would mislead an agent reading it: cross-package ownership changes, new "never" rules, pipeline restructuring, or naming convention updates. Do not update it for type field additions or directory reorganisations within a package — those are discoverable from the code.

Author: ```suggestion
Update this file when you make a change that would mislead an agent reading it: cross-package ownership changes, pipeline restructuring, addition or removal of concepts relevant to the pipeline, or naming convention updates. Do not update it for type field additions or directory reorganisations within a package — those are discoverable from the code.
```
